Rewording in Patir Mystery 1 (#11353)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/kahet/kahet missions.txt

				`	"How did the attempt at tracking the Ka'het go?"`
				`	"Sorry, but I can't help you this time. You're going to have to find somebody else."`
					decline

> 			`	"Oh, the scanner is working perfectly. But the Ka'het, as far as we could see, seem to follow no pattern but the simplest ones. I guess you could compare them to simple animals, searching for food and fighting each other for their territory. They seem to have some sort of 'imprinting' towards the stations that breeds them, but other than that, they have not shown any other particular behavior yet."`

Reviewer: Reducing repetition.
```suggestion
			`	"Oh, the scanner is working perfectly. But the Ka'het, as far as we could see, seem to follow no pattern but the most basic ones. I guess you could compare them to simple animals, searching for food and fighting each other for their territory. They seem to have some sort of 'imprinting' towards the stations that breeds them, but other than that, they have not shown any other particular behavior yet."`
```

> 			`	"Oh, the scanner is working perfectly. But the Ka'het, as far as we could see, seem to follow no pattern but the most basic ones. I guess you could compare them to simple animals, searching for food and fighting each other for their territory. They seem to have some sort of 'imprinting' towards the stations that breeds them, but other than that, they have not shown any other particular behavior yet."`

Reviewer: I'm stupid and forgot how plurals and verb conjugation work
```suggestion
			`	"Oh, the scanner is working perfectly. But the Ka'het, as far as we could see, seem to follow no patterns but the most basic ones. I guess you could compare them to simple animals, searching for food and fighting each other for their territory. They seem to have some sort of 'imprinting' towards the stations that breed them, but other than that, they have not shown any other particular behavior yet."`
```
